Though his main passions
are solving puzzles and
enjoying a nice cup of
tea, Hershel Layton is
also a highly regarded
archaeology professor.
His most prized
possession is the top
hat that was given to
him by his sweetheart,
Claire.
!******************************!
The professor's self-
proclaimed apprentice,
Luke is a very bright
boy with puzzle-solving
skills that rival an
adult's. His ability to
talk to animals has been
the saviour of more
than one investigation
and his appetite is
legendary.
!******************************!
Layton's prot{'e}g{'e}e and
devoted follower, Flora
refuses to be left
behind on the professor
and Luke's expeditions.
Her cooking has been
known to turn stomachs,
but it seems to have
improved a bit recently.
!******************************!
A brilliant scientist who
believes himself to be
Layton's arch-nemesis.
Don Paolo's appearance
changed forever when
he found out that the
girl he loved, Claire, was
seeing Hershel Layton.
His skill as an inventor
is matched only by his
mastery of disguise.
!******************************!
The mere mention of
Inspector Chelmey has
the London underworld
quaking in its boots.
His strong sense of
justice means he will do
whatever it takes to
put criminals behind
bars, but at home with
his wife he is the model
of a loving husband.
!******************************!
A placid bon vivant,
Constable Barton is
the perfect foil for
Inspector Chelmey.
His love of the chase is
dampened only by his
recurring hunger pangs,
which he satisfies by
frequent visits to the
canteen for a snack.
!******************************!
An older version of
Luke from 10 years in
the future. Future Luke
requests Layton's help
in eradicating the evil
rampant in his London.
Though more grown-up
than Luke, he retains a
genuine love of puzzles.
He is later revealed to
be Clive in disguise.
!******************************!
A young woman who
claims to be Claire's
sister, Celeste has
taken it upon herself
to solve the mystery
of her sister's death,
scouring the future
London in search of
clues. It is finally
revealed that she is
in fact Claire herself.
!******************************!
A researcher in the
field of time travel,
Dimitri's love for Claire
was all-consuming,
driving him to abduct
scientists in order to
develop a time machine.
His genius is undisputed
but, blinded by a desire
for revenge, he became
a pawn in Clive's plans.
!******************************!
The prime minister of
the United Kingdom, Bill
once worked with Dimitri
on the development of a
time machine, but
betrayed his colleague,
allowing him to rise
to his current position.
Even after being
abducted by Dimitri, Bill
remains unremorseful.
!******************************!
When she's not working
in the clock shop,
Spring is a shameless
celebrity follower who
knows all about
everyone who's anyone.
She's a dab hand at
embroidery, but is often
rudely interrupted by
Cogg turning the lights
off for his own work.
!******************************!
Cogg the clock shop
owner was once a
lackey at the Dove
household. Clive's
plan led him to develop
a genuine passion for
clocks, to the extent
that all the clocks in
the shop are Cogg's
handiwork - except the
giant one, of course.
!******************************!
An impersonation of
Dr Schrader by Don
Paolo, his former
student. The likeness
was perfect, but the
Don was unable to
resist taking a sly dig
at his great rival and
Dr Schrader's favourite
student, Hershel Layton.

!******************************!
A fake future Dean
Delmona staying at
the hotel, he is really
Don Paolo in disguise.
He gave himself white
hair to indicate that
Delmona had aged 10
years, but this subtle
touch was what gave him
away.
!******************************!
Shipley is the postman
who delivered the letter
from the future to
Layton. He was once
quite slender but his
love of the fine cuisine
at the restaurant has
left him somewhat the
plumper. He started out
as a gardener at the
Dove household.
!******************************!
Puzzle savante Granny
Riddleton used to store
puzzles that Luke and
Layton missed on their
adventures, but she has
passed on these duties
to her granddaughter
Puzzlette and gone off
on holiday. The elusive
lady now pops up in the
most unexpected places.
!******************************!
Puzzlette is Granny
Riddleton's
granddaughter and
her successor as the
guardian of missed
puzzles. She is an
innocent girl with a kind
of na{:i}ve ruthlessness.
She sounds a bit dozy,
but there could be more
than meets the eye...
!******************************!
A bee with a taste for
sweet puzzle nectar,
there is likely a long
story behind his taking
the role of puzzle
guardian, but due to
Puzzlette's dislike of
insects, the tale is lost
forever. Beasly is a
talkative chap with a
spirit of chivalry.
!******************************!
This clever parrot has
a knack for learning
words and using them
at just the right time.
From humble beginnings
in Dimitri's test labs, he
became adept not only
at talking and imitating
voices, but also at
delivering items across
treacherous terrain.
!******************************!
A rabbit with attitude,
Subject 3 developed a
profound mistrust of
humans after being
subjected to
experiments by Dimitri's
team. Once an ordinary
wild rabbit, he has
acquired the ability to
walk on two legs.
!******************************!
As Dimitri's head
henchman, Bostro has
never doubted that his
boss is the true head
of the Family and is
loyal to a fault. This
blind devotion has made
him a useful tool for
Clive, but he remains
blissfully ignorant.
!******************************!
These ubiquitous gang
thugs like to hang
around street corners.
Though they all look the
same to outsiders, each
one apparently has a
distinct personality.
Their manners are
atrocious, but they
have shown a certain
fondness for puzzles.
!******************************!
Posing as Bostro's
underling, in truth
Lockjaw answers only
to Clive. However,
his unfortunate habit
of letting important
information slip makes
him something of a
liability for his boss.
!******************************!
Splinters is a brutish,
bloodthirsty man who
works for Bostro.
Surprisingly, his hobby
is collecting old clocks,
and he often makes
secret visits to the
clock shop. Though still
only a young man of 28,
he's already concerned
by his receding hairline.
!******************************!
Marzano is a mid-ranking
gang member who is
wrapped up in his own
little world, convinced
that he has psychic
powers and the ability
to predict the future.
Though he frequently
laments his tragic life,
he doesn't actually
consider it all that bad.
!******************************!
Layman is a gangster
with romantic ideals.
Though not very tall,
his unmatched dexterity
makes him a promising
recruit. He works for
Bostro but, being
literally below his
boss's notice, he leads
an unrewarding life
in the back streets.
!******************************!
Fisheye is a gangster
who answers directly
to Clive. He is a
heartless and
cold-blooded man,
but scrupulously
obedient to his boss.
He boasts considerable
skill with knives, not
least when it comes to
juggling them.
!******************************!
Silky is a gangster
known for his unique
laugh and unusual
hairiness. He hates
violence and would never
harm civilians, but his
bushy hair alone causes
many to fear him.
He takes pride in his
beard and is never
without his trimmer.
!******************************!
Chelton is a rough
gangster who works for
Bostro. His close
relationship with Barmey
has led many to think
they are brothers, but
they are just close
friends. He often incurs
his boss's wrath and
can frequently be heard
grumbling about him.
!******************************!
Barmey is an underling
of Bostro's who looks
remarkably like
Constable Barton - and
eats like him too.
He is so useless without
Chelton that he might
as well be his baby
brother. He is a regular
customer at Pepper's
Noodle Palace.
!******************************!
Ward guards the way
to various Family
establishments, such
as the casino and the
pagoda. It is unclear
whether his posing
is conscious or not.
His lax attitude to
guard duty makes him
an unwitting favourite
among the scientists.
!******************************!
Smith was once a guard
at the exhibition site,
but lost his job after
an incident with an
intruder, despite having
caught the offender.
He now works at
Gressenheller
University, watching out
for student high jinks.
!******************************!
Florence is an eccentric
old lady who teaches
you all about hint coins.
Though she is married,
she's only had eyes for
Professor Layton ever
since she met him.
Her unique hairdo is
the fruit of several
hours' work every day.

!******************************!
Vito is a mean-spirited
little man who hangs
around Midland Road.
He has become well
known in the area for
giving visitors unhelpful
directions. His loose
trousers seem to be his
latest cause for
grumpiness.

!******************************!
Art is a builder who's
working single-handedly
to reclaim the future
Midland Road.
Thanks to his efforts,
the street has become
a sunnier and more
pleasant place to be.
He is a real pro who'll
turn his hand to
anything.
!******************************!
Niklaus is a boorish
fellow who inhabits
Midland Road. He hates
responsibility and
avoids trouble at all
costs, but somehow
always manages to end
up the worse for it.
He has a lot of respect
for Art, who is cleaning
up Midland Road.
!******************************!
Anita is the owner of
the caf{'e} on Midland
Road. She's a tough
lady and manages the
caf{'e} on her own, though
she rarely has any
customers apart
from her regular, Alfie,
who's been spreading
the word about her
luscious ham sandwiches.
!******************************!
Alfie is a regular
customer at Anita's
caf{'e}. It is even
rumoured that his visits
account for half of her
total sales. He loves
talking to young people,
but his enthusiasm is
rarely reciprocated.
!******************************!
Edgar is a faint-hearted
youth who gets scared
and runs away at the
slightest provocation.
He spends his days
dreaming of finding
a sweetheart for
himself. He is Rudolph
and Myrtle's grandson.

!******************************!
Adeline is a fiery
Welsh dragon with the
pride of a queen. Born
in Cardiff, she came to
London a few years ago,
and has lost most of her
accent. She drinks a
revolting thick brew to
preserve her looks, but
the results are hardly
worth the sacrifice.
!******************************!
Max is a strange boy
whose conversation
consists mainly of game
show sound effects. His
usual hangout near the
restaurant allows him to
overhear lots of useful
nuggets of information.
He hates it when Becky
patronises him.
!******************************!
Becky is the lively maid
at the Hotel Duke.
When her grandma is
listening, her manner is
formal, but really she's
a friendly, plucky girl.
She likes to think of
Max as her prot{'e}g{'e}.

!******************************!
Margaret is the manager
of the Hotel Duke on
Southern Street.
Though she often dozes
at reception during
the hotel's many quiet
periods, her commitment
to customer service is
unwavering. She is
married to Grafton, but
he is rarely around.
!******************************!
Paillard is the owner
of the restaurant. He
gained renown as a chef
working in a first-class
hotel. His wife works as
a researcher in the
labs. He's finding it
hard to talk to his son
Max, of late, which is
causing him concern.

!******************************!
Dupree is a bearded
man who spends his time
reading newspapers.
He has a great love of
justice and despises all
that is evil, but his
tendency to believe
everything he reads in
the newspaper without
question has made him
the Family's puppet.
!******************************!
Natalia is a nurse who
works on reception at
Green Hospital. She
doesn't have many
patients and usually
looks rather bored. Her
pale complexion makes
her look ill and it is said
that her patients worry
more about her than
she does about them.
!******************************!
Harold is the casino's
bouncer, whose
unexpectedly liberal
door policy was in
evidence when he let
in Layton and Luke.
Despite working in a
casino, he is appallingly
bad at card games.
!******************************!
Horace is a scientist
who was abducted and
taken to future London.
He realised that the
Future Layton was in
fact Dimitri, but held
his tongue following
threats from the Family.
He has a girlfriend
down in Chinatown.
!******************************!
Hardy is a workman
drafted in to help with
the construction of
future London. He is
lazy, but very attached
to the wife and son he
left behind. His concern
for them means he
barely notices which
decade he's in.

!******************************!
One of the abducted
scientists taken to
future London,
Cuthbert worries about
his family and often
sneaks out to see them.
He is endowed with a
brilliant mind for
science and invention,
but sadly has no
sense of humour at all.
!******************************!
Grafton is a crafty
character who lurks in
the black market
bazaar. He has watched
future London evolve
and grow, and is likely
aware of many of its
secrets. Though he is
not a bad person, he
somehow projects a
suspicious aura.
!******************************!
Not even the awful
dogs can discourage
the devoted Catanova
from visiting his female
feline friends. His long
sleek body contrasts
with his short meows,
but it certainly makes
him popular with the
ladies.
!******************************!
Rosetta is a student
of Professor Layton's
who is rather enamoured
with her teacher. She is
very passionate and
even goes out to
dig on her days off.
Her unusual
forwardness causes
confusion to many,
including Layton himself.
!******************************!
Colby is a constable
who works on reception
in Scotland Yard and a
great fan of Layton's.
He does his best at his
job, but is a little tired
of being stuck at the
station. His chin gets
even longer when he
laughs!
!******************************!
No one knows what's
going down in Chinatown
better than Rudolph.
Lately, he has been
addicted to noodles
and visits Pepper's shop
whenever he can. Though
very fond of his wife
Myrtle, his love of food
seems to come first. His
grandson is Edgar.
!******************************!
Misha is a thoughtful
and poetic woman with a
philosophical outlook on
life. She spends a lot of
time reflecting on the
nature of life and love
and improving her mind.
Her origin and family
ties are a mystery.
!******************************!
Duncan is a boy living in
Chinatown, whose
brusque manner
conceals a kind heart.
He is nuts about toy
cars and is a regular
customer at Chequer's
toy shop, though his
visits are getting more
secretive as he gets
older.
!******************************!
Viv is a well-mannered
little girl who lives
in Chinatown with her
parents. Her father
works as a researcher
specialising in
mechanical engineering.
Her mother's influence
has made her somewhat
uptight, but she is a
gentle girl at heart.
!******************************!
Pepper is the owner of
the noodle shop in
Chinatown, which is
thriving thanks to her
careful and shrewd
management. It is said
that her noodle bar
attracts the unhappy
inhabitants of future
London. Her speciality is
jellied eel noodle soup.
!******************************!
Chequer is a toymaker
who works in the toy
shop in Chinatown.
He is the creator of his
own brand of toy cars
and his shop is always
inundated with
customers in search
of collectables.
!******************************!
Avogadro is a scientist
who works in the labs.
He is impatient and
quick-tempered but
has read more books
than Luke's had hot
dinners. He is very
sensitive about his
height.

!******************************!
Maya runs the
bookshop in Chinatown -
the natural vocation
for someone who loves
reading as much as she
does. She's just happy
if she can persuade
people to read at all,
and sometimes even
directs her customers
to the library.
!******************************!
Myrtle runs the little
pet shop in Chinatown.
She and her husband
Rudolph were like
lovebirds for years,
but relations have
cooled a little recently.
Myrtle is normally a
gentle animal-lover, but
you wouldn't like her
when she's angry!
!******************************!
Belle is a young lady
who has developed a
big crush on Little Luke.
Her burning passion is a
bit too much for Luke
to handle, and he is
terrified of her. Belle,
however, has never been
one to let such
obstacles get in the
way of true love.
!******************************!
Graham is, in his own
eyes, the city's most
stylish gentleman. He
wears all the most
expensive clothes and
possesses an air of
supreme confidence
that impresses even the
Family gangsters. His
dream is to start a
clothing line with Belle.
!******************************!
Ever since the wall of
Slate's garden was
covered in messy
splodges of paint, he's
been working with local
youngsters to repaint
it with street art. He
isn't much good with a
paintbrush himself, but
his kindness makes him
popular with the kids.
!******************************!
Ernest is a timid old
man who dislikes talking
to strangers, and so
spends most of his time
hiding on a corner of
Midland Road. He is
friends with Cogg and
often goes round to
the clock shop for a
cup of tea.
!******************************!
Berta is a cheerful,
motherly type with a
loud laugh. She doesn't
let trifles worry her
and thoroughly enjoys
her life in future
London. She doesn't see
much of her husband
Avogadro, but still
has food on the table
whenever he comes home.
!******************************!
Minnie is a laid-back girl
with something of a
sweet tooth. She takes
something sugary with
her wherever she goes.
Her kind, conciliatory
nature has made her
many friends, to whom
she takes great
pleasure in feeding her
home-made cakes.
!******************************!
Paige is a soft-spoken
shy girl who wears
glasses. She is earnest
and hard-working, but
sometimes needs to
lighten up a little.
She is aware of her
quiet voice and
practises projecting
at home. Her hobby is
writing poetry.
!******************************!
Raleigh is an assertive,
immature boy. He is
fascinated by beetles
and keeps a rhinoceros
and a stag at home.
He sulks a lot if things
don't go his way, but he
soon forgets his foul
moods, especially if
there's a football to be
kicked.
!******************************!
A passionate lighthouse
keeper, Beacon has
unfortunately been
made redundant by
technology. The upshot
is that he now has more
time to devote to his
other passion, modern
dance. He is currently
choreographing a
tribute to lighthouses.
!******************************!
Mark's bland exterior
hides a deeply curious
individual. He tends to
pontificate on all
sorts of topics, but
most of what he says
is rubbish. He is a
frequent visitor to the
casino, where he serves
as an easy target for
experienced gamblers.
!******************************!
Why, it's our old friend
Mr Stachenscarfen!
Where'd he come from?
He has a strange habit
of suddenly appearing,
only to vanish moments
later. Where he'll show
up tomorrow is as much
of a mystery as his
identity.
!******************************!
A man of contradictions,
Pavel is a fearless
adventurer with no
sense of direction.
He is always breaking
his beloved compass and
possesses a unique
ability to get lost
no matter how detailed
a map he is using.
!******************************!
Dr Andrew Schrader is
Professor Layton and
Don Paolo's old teacher.
He is a highly respected
archaeologist but has a
tendency to get himself
into trouble and in need
of being rescued by his
students. His collection
of antiques is the
stuff of legend.
!******************************!
Dean Delmona is the
head of Gressenheller
University, a kind man
well loved by all the
students. He has a soft
spot for his little
granddaughter and
spoils her rotten.
His toupee protects
passers-by from the
glare of his shiny pate.
!******************************!
Caroline is the wife of
Prime Minister Bill Hawks,
a calculating woman
who enjoys her
celebrity lifestyle.
She has an unfortunate
taste for bling, and her
dismayed husband has
no idea of the limits of
her greed.
!******************************!
Posing as an older Luke,
Clive is the instigator
of the terrible attack
upon London. For years,
he cultivated a bitter
resentment towards the
scientists and
politicians involved in
his parents' premature
deaths. He has shown
a desire for atonement.
!******************************!
Claire is Layton's old
girlfriend. Though she
worked as Dimitri's
assistant, she was an
excellent scientist in
her own right. She was
the strong-willed young
woman who gave
Layton his beloved hat.
She lost her life in a
failed experiment.
!******************************!
Dr Stahngun was the
identity assumed by
Dimitri while building
the fake time machine.
He was believed to have
disappeared in the
accident at the
presentation site, but
he had in fact departed
to future London, along
with the prime minister.
!******************************!
This is the future
Professor Layton, who
rules the dark city of 
future London with an
iron fist. Corrupted by
his study of time
travel, he no longer has
the moral compass
required of a gentleman.
He was revealed to be
Dimitri in disguise.
!******************************!
The bartender at the
Thames Arms is a role
Dimitri likes to adopt
in his spare time,
whenever he needs to
take a breather from
his gruelling research.
The lower ranks of the
Family are still unaware
of his real identity.
!******************************!
Before he considered
himself an English
gentleman, Hershel
Layton used to dress
more casually. Until
Claire gave him his
top hat, he was never
without his red cap.
He became a professor
at 27, but remains
young at heart.
!******************************!
Layton's pride and joy,
this little red car has
served him well on his
mystery-solving
adventures. Thanks to
Don Paolo, there now
exists a model that can
fly. Its high roof gives
Layton the headroom he
needs to drive with his
hat on.
!******************************!
Puzzle Lad 1 is a
mischievous boy who
livens up any puzzle.
He's a bit of a bragger,
but a good leader for
the puzzle lads.
His impulsive nature
frequently gets him
into trouble, but he's
not one to start a
fight.
!******************************!
Puzzle Lad 2 is a
clever boy who seems
to do well at whatever
he undertakes, a skill
which sadly is often put
to mischievous uses.
Adults seem to be
rather dubious about
him. He has an agile
body for sport and a
good mind for games.
!******************************!
The effective personnel
manager of the puzzle
troupe, Puzzle Lad
3 is a level-headed
boy with an ability to
rally the other lads.
He enjoys pranks but
dislikes violence, so he
usually plays the role
of peacekeeper.
!******************************!
The biggest eater in
the group, Puzzle Lad
4 is a taciturn
child, but his kind heart
and quiet strength make
him truly well loved.
He always carries
snacks in his pockets in
case he gets bored and
fancies a bite to eat.

!******************************!
Puzzle Lad 5 is a
scaredy cat whose
actions don't live up to
his boastful words. He's
an expert in plotting
tricks to play on
unsuspecting victims,
but he is not usually
the one to carry them
out, as he doesn't much
like physical activities.
!******************************!
Puzzle Lass 1 is a
hard-working girl who
follows fashion closely
and owns all the latest
trendy gear. She likes
learning new crafts and
it is even said that she
hoped to become a
professional potter but
was told that her style
was too avant-garde.
!******************************!
Puzzle Lass 2 is a
kindly old lady with
a romantic streak, who
loves evening strolls
and picture books.
She's fond of children
and small animals and
is happy to play the
part of everybody's
grandma.

!******************************!
A great art-lover,
Puzzle Lass 3 can
usually be found
wandering around
antique fairs looking
for curios and baubles.
Though she can come
across as a little
pretentious, she is 
reliable and always
keeps her cool.
!******************************!
Puzzle Lass 4 is a
motherly lady who looks
after the puzzle troupe
and is undoubtedly the
finest cook of them all.
She's a chatty type
who'll natter for hours
once a conversation has
started. She enjoys
handpicking ingredients
to cook delicious meals.
!******************************!
Puzzle Lass 5 is a
headstrong intellectual,
and yet her greatest
worry is that she might
shed a tear and ruin
her make-up. She is a
brilliant but undeniably
cold woman. Strange
though it may sound,
her hobby is collecting
teacups.
!******************************!
