A letter arrived for me today.
Curiously, the postmark is dated
10 years from now, and it was sent
by someone who claims to be Luke,
living in the London of the future.
This puzzling letter has naturally
piqued my curiosity, and I have
decided to head for the clock shop
it mentions, on Midland Road.
!******************************!
Casting my mind back to the
accident that occurred during
the time machine presentation,
I can't help but think that there
must be some connection between
those events and this letter. I
hope we can find some clues at
the clock shop that will help us
make sense of all this.
!******************************!
The clock shop was hidden away at
the unfashionable end of Midland
Road, and awaiting us there was a
simply monstrous timepiece.
The old lady in the shop doesn't
seem to know anything about the
letter we received, so I suppose
all we can do is wait for her
husband to return.
!******************************!
After talking to Cogg, the owner
of the clock shop, it seems the
letter writer wanted us to see the
big clock in action. It certainly
is an impressive piece of
machinery, and probably a vintage
model. I was even asked to help
repair it - quite the challenge
for an amateur such as myself!
!******************************!
Just as Cogg got the big clock
working again, the entire building
started shaking. When Luke and I
rushed outside to investigate, it
was as though we had come out in
a completely different city. The
door to the clock shop has been
locked, however, so there is no
way of going back inside to find
out what has really happened.
!******************************!
There's no doubt we're still in
London, but things have been very
strange ever since we stepped out
of the clock shop. Not only does
gloomy old Midland Road look like a
whole new place, it would also
seem that my hat is causing people
some consternation. I feel as if
we're wrapped up in some kind of
illusion. What on earth is going
on here?
!******************************!
After talking to a few people
around town, we made our way
back to the bus stop, only to
find that it has completely
changed since we alighted here
a short while ago. This seems
to be somewhere quite different
from the London we know. Could
it be possible that we have
travelled through time?
!******************************!
I can scarcely believe it, but it
really does seem that we have
somehow ended up in a London
10 years in the future. Just as
I was asking myself how such a
thing could be possible, we
received a second letter from
Future Luke, as though he were
one step ahead of us. It says
that our next clue awaits us in
Green Hospital, Auckland Lane.
!******************************!
It seems that the train is the only
way to get to Green Hospital. At
the invitation of a resourceful
young lady named Becky, we have
taken a room in the hotel on
Southern Street as our base of
operations. Flatstone Street
station is just a short walk from
there, so we can easily take the
train to the hospital.

!******************************!
The clue the letter said awaited
us in the hospital turned out to
be my mentor, Dr Schrader, albeit
significantly aged. He seemed to
be in fine fettle when I last
saw him a few days ago, so what
could possibly have happened?
Is this really the future?
!******************************!
The letter that Future Luke left in
the Laytonmobile told us to head
for a place called the Gilded 7
Casino, but we don't yet know its
location.
We have decided to head back to
Flatstone Street and ask for
directions - as soon as I have
got over the shock of seeing the
Laytonmobile in such a condition,
that is.
!******************************!
What is happening here? That girl
who just walked past, was it...?
No, there's simply no way she could
be here, not after the accident 10
years ago...
Anyway, there isn't time to think
of such things now. We must make
haste to the casino.
!******************************!
After asking in the hotel, we
learned that the casino is located
at the far end of Flatstone
Street. It is a new building,
unsuitably large for central
London. It does seem to be the
place we're supposed to go, but
will we really meet Future Luke
there? There's only one way to
find out...
!******************************!
According to Future Luke, this
London is under the command of my
future self. It seems I've become
obsessed with developing a time
machine, and have been kidnapping
scientists from the past - that is,
our present. If these allegations
are true, then stopping my future
self is my duty as an English
gentleman.
!******************************!
We ran into a spot of trouble
as we were leaving the casino, and
were attacked by the Family. One
of the gangsters mistook me for
his boss and then took offence at
my appearance. I suppose my
future self, even 10 years older,
is still me, so it is not unthinkable
that someone might confuse us.
Following Future Luke's lead, we
have now decided to head for the
restaurant in the arcade.
!******************************!
It appears that my future self has
set up his base in the Towering
Pagoda, located in an area called
Chinatown. This may well be where
the prime minister is being kept,
along with the scientists who were
kidnapped. We'll need a plan before
approaching the enemy base.
!******************************!
Future Luke has gone off on his
own, but Shipley told us how to
get to the Chinatown area. It
seems we need to ascend some
steps somewhere on Flatstone
Street, halfway to the casino.
We must be careful and make sure
we aren't spotted by the Family.

!******************************!
That woman... Who could she be?
She's like a ghost that's been
haunting me ever since we came
to this London. Has my future self
really forgotten the vow I made 
the day she gave me this hat? I've
striven to be the gentleman she
believed me to be, but what about
him? Perhaps it is as Future Luke
said - I became obsessed with
turning back time, back to the
time of that experiment...
!******************************!
London appears to have changed
significantly over the last 10
years. None of its sights are
familiar to me any more... Has
the statue of the gentleman and
the young boy always been there?
One thing is certain, though - the
big lighthouse overlooking the
Thames is a recent addition.

!******************************!
We encountered a man in a white
lab coat standing on the iron
bridge. When we asked him for
directions, however, he promptly
ran away, apparently mistaking me
for the boss of the Family. That's
the second man we've seen in a lab
coat and, oddly, both had wet
shoes and trousers. What possible
reason could there be for going
about in damp clothing?
!******************************!
The two chaps guarding the gate
bore a striking resemblance to
Inspector Chelmey and Constable
Barton, which reminded me that
they had also been at the time
machine presentation. I do wonder
why they were invited to such a
gathering of luminaries. I think
we should return to our own time
and have a word with the
inspector.
!******************************!
On the way back to the clock shop
we encountered a fellow named
Graham, who was rather upset
because his cufflinks had been
stolen by a mischievous parrot.
Naturally, no English gentleman
could leave someone in such a
pickle. Thanks to the efforts
of both Lukes, we were able to
befriend the parrot and recover
the cufflinks.
!******************************!
It seems the purpose of the big
clock in Cogg's shop is to activate
a wormhole. It's no wonder he and
Spring are resentful towards my
future self, given the way his band
of thugs burst into their shop.
Anyway, Cogg says he can help us
return to our own time.

!******************************!
The London that greeted us when
we exited the clock shop is the
familiar old London that we
originally left. Now is not the time
for nostalgia, however. I have to
drop by my office before going to
meet Inspector Chelmey.
!******************************!
Flora was waiting for us in my
office. She seemed terribly upset
that we had gone off without her
and has asked us not to leave her
alone again. Nevertheless, with
the Family waiting for us in future
London, it's far too dangerous
for her to accompany us.
Fortunately, she appears to have
left the room for a while, giving
us the chance to find the notebook
and leave before she returns.
!******************************!
I feel guilty for leaving Flora,
but I simply cannot embroil her
in such a dangerous situation.
I'm sure she will understand...
eventually.
Our next stop is Scotland Yard,
where we hope to meet Inspector
Chelmey. I would very much like to
hear his opinion on the events
that occurred at the time machine
presentation.
!******************************!
Inspector Chelmey kindly allowed
me to view the case files for the
lab accident that occurred 10
years ago. The police records
were extremely detailed and I was
reminded of things I had completely
forgotten about.
If my instincts are correct, then
that dark, future London hides
some secrets that even Future
Luke has yet to uncover.
!******************************!
Events have taken an unexpected
turn. We've been followed into
the future, not only by Inspector
Chelmey and Constable Barton, but
also by Flora.
Chelmey and Barton are fired up
with investigative zeal and should
be able to look after themselves,
but these streets are simply too
dangerous for Flora. How can I
make her understand this?
!******************************!
We decided to go and find Shipley
at the restaurant, in order to
make contact with Future Luke.
On the way, we stopped at the
hotel so that I could explain our
situation to Flora, but she still 
seems blissfully unaware of the 
danger we're in. I do hope she'll 
be all right. On our way out, we 
met Dean Delmona, whose hair is
now white as snow!
!******************************!
According to Shipley, Future Luke
is waiting for us in the park 
observatory north of the 
restaurant. He told us to make 
sure we're not followed, but I 
suspect it's too late for that. 
I am certain that someone has 
already been watching us make 
our way around town. That
doesn't matter for now, though. 
We have to meet up with Future 
Luke and decide our next step.
!******************************!
We have finally managed to reunite
with Future Luke. It seems that if
we are to enter Chinatown, we
shall first have to deal with the
guards at the gate. Future Luke
claims that the guards would leave
their posts immediately if ordered
to do so by Bostro, my future
self's loyal lieutenant. We plan to
return to the casino and attempt
to capture Bostro's voice with the
help of our talented parrot mimic.
!******************************!
We located Bostro outside the
casino and successfully managed
to get our feathered friend to
memorise his voice. The parrot's
impersonation is uncanny - I dare
say Bostro's own mother would
struggle to tell the difference.
The guards are certain to be
fooled. Time to head to Chinatown!
!******************************!
Our plan to get rid of the guards
went like clockwork and we
successfully entered Chinatown.
This part of town is quite unlike
the rest, perhaps due to being
newly built at the time the
Family's base was established.
Our destination lies ahead, deep
in the heart of the area.
!******************************!
Chinatown seems to be home to all
sorts of people. It is an area
unlike any that exists in our
London, and it feels like tangible
proof that we've really arrived in
the future.
The Towering Pagoda can be seen
looming at the far end of the main
street. Let's keep our eyes and
ears open for new information as
we push onwards.
!******************************!
We've finally arrived at the
Towering Pagoda, my future self's
base of operations, but I don't
seem to be at home. Where could
I...he have gone? Perhaps some of
the locals know something. Let's
ask around.
!******************************!
Pepper, the owner of the noodle
shop, says that she hasn't seen
the future Layton. Where could he
have gone?
I suppose there's nothing for it
but to ask around a little more.
!******************************!
A streetwise chap by the name of
Rudolph seems to have an inkling
of where my future self may be.
However, he won't tell us unless
we first fulfil his request.
He's asked us to take a message
to his wife, Myrtle, so we must
now head to the pet shop where
she works.

!******************************!
Myrtle did not react well to
receiving Rudolph's message, and
indeed became rather agitated,
forcing us to beat a hasty
retreat. Though a gentleman is
always reluctant to anger a lady,
there is no time to concern
ourselves with that now. We must
go and tell Rudolph that we
have delivered his message.

!******************************!
Rudolph informed us that there is
a strong possibility that my
future self is to be found
somewhere on the riverside. He
must mean the area visible from
the raised road on the way to
Chinatown.
Rudolph also showed us a flyer for
a restaurant down by the river.
Perhaps we'll be able to ask in
there for more information.
!******************************!
We encountered a rabbit blocking
our path. According to his tale of
woe, there is a research facility
where all sorts of terrifying
experiments are conducted.
I wonder if these experiments are
connected to the time machine
development that is taking place
here in the future London.
In any case, it is essential that I
find my future self and put an end
to his evil designs.
!******************************!
The Thames Arms is a quaint little
restaurant on the riverside. The
bartender informed me that a
regular customer who is fond of
disguises has just passed through.
It simply must be my future self. It
seems he's one step ahead of us,
however, and has returned to the
Towering Pagoda. I also can't
shake the feeling that I've met
the bartender before...
!******************************!
We returned to Belltower Gate
and, after solving a puzzle, headed
on towards the Towering Pagoda.
Though my future self is sure to
be waiting up ahead, I have decided
to quickly go and check something
I've been curious about. Future
Luke is here, so I don't think it
will be a problem if I go off for
a little while, as long as I leave
a note first...
!******************************!
After finishing my little personal
investigation, I was able to catch
up with Luke and the others before
they entered the Towering Pagoda.
My future self - the Professor
Layton of this time - is waiting
at the top of this tower. Letting
us pass just by solving puzzles
is just his style... As an English
gentleman, it is my duty to stop
him.
!******************************!
The Towering Pagoda has a very
complex internal structure. One
would think this would hinder the
Family's day-to-day operations,
but they don't seem to mind.
Luke and the others are doing a
sterling job of solving the puzzles,
and I am sure we shall reach the
top of the pagoda in no time.
!******************************!
After defeating complex machine
puzzles, assembling a walkway and
overcoming all sorts of obstacles,
we've finally arrived at the room
where my future self is supposed
to be. Is he really behind this
door? Whatever happens, we must
stop him and put an end to
people's suffering.


!******************************!
The suspicious man in black we
confronted is dressed like me, but
he hasn't noticed that the current
me is not the real me.
If he were really my future self,
he'd be able to remember what his
past self was doing at this moment
10 years ago. His mask has
slipped...
!******************************!
The true identity of the man who
claimed to be my future self is none
other than Dimitri Allen, head of
the time machine development team.
Disguised as Dr Alain Stahngun, he
took advantage of the explosion
at the time machine presentation
to kidnap the prime minister and
the scientists. With Bill Hawks as
his hostage, there's nothing I can
do right now, however...
!******************************!
I thought that rescuing Luke and
the others from the cage would
turn the tables in our favour, but
Dimitri has escaped and taken Bill
Hawks with him.
Even worse, he scanned my...no,
Don Paolo's memory as he climbed
the tower, and will try to save
Claire based on this data.

!******************************!
Surrounded by Dimitri's henchmen,
we split into two groups and
somehow managed to escape. The
desire to bring back Claire must
be eating away at Dimitri, and I
fully understand... But causing
other people to suffer for the
sake of his own wishes is
unacceptable. I must do whatever
it takes to stop him.

!******************************!
It seems that Paul has been
keeping my journal up to date in
my absence, and my little personal
investigation yielded some
interesting results that are sure
to prove useful for this case.
Now, though, it's time to sort
through what I've learned. I owe
Paul a real debt of gratitude for
his assistance. To think that
Dimitri is connected to that
terrible event...
!******************************!
Dimitri is interested in the
explosion at the Institute of
Polydimensional Research as well...
There must be some larger
conspiracy here. With Paul as my
ally, I am gaining a different
perspective on this case. I am
beginning to find the answers that
escaped me at the time. In any
case, our first step now is to go
and meet Flora and Future Luke.
!******************************!
It would appear that the Towering
Pagoda is not Dimitri's main base
of operations after all. There
were no signs of any scientists in
there, but they were certainly
brought here to the future.
A time machine research facility
appears to have been specially set
up, so we'll enquire as to its
location at the hotel.
!******************************!
Flora was waiting for us at the
hotel. She and Future Luke escaped
together, but it seems he has now
gone off somewhere with Shipley.
He knows much more about this
future world than we do and he
must have some kind of plan, but
is that sufficient to justify his
sudden departure?
We've no choice but to continue
our investigation by ourselves.
!******************************!
It seems that Inspector Chelmey
has also seen a girl who looks like
Claire. However, it simply cannot
be her. She has already left us.
Claire never mentioned a sister,
but there is a strong possibility
that this girl is a relative of
hers. Inspector Chelmey has said
he will look into this for me.
!******************************!
While I was busy enquiring as to
how to cross the Thames, Luke
seems to have run off somewhere
on his own. Luke has always stuck
by my side and I don't recall him
ever doing anything like this
before.
Something must be troubling him.
Finding Luke is now our first
priority.
!******************************!
We found Luke crying in front of
the statue in the square. It would
appear that his father is being
transferred and that Luke will
have to move overseas. He has
been bottling up his worries and
keeping them to himself. But he
needn't worry. Our friendship will
endure, even when we are apart,
just like the gentleman and the
boy in the statue.
!******************************!
Now that Luke is feeling better,
his powers of reasoning are back
on top form. The scientists that
we've seen with wet shoes and
trousers must have come from a
research facility on the other
side of the river, which means
that there is definitely a useable
tunnel somewhere.
The first thing we need to do now
is find Grafton, who should be able
to tell us how to get into it.
!******************************!
Just as Grafton told us, the
passage under the Thames is no
longer in use. It looks full of
leaks, so crossing it will involve
getting my hat wet, but at least
we won't be spotted down here.
Right, it's time to cross the river.
!******************************!
A closed-off research facility has
been constructed at the other
end of the passage. An industrial
complex like this in the middle of
London is unheard of. This has to
be where they are conducting the
time machine research.
I expect that we shall find the
kidnapped scientists there, as well
as Dimitri himself. There has to be
an entrance here somewhere...
!******************************!
The research facility contains
things more terrifying than we'd
dared to imagine. Does Dimitri
know that such things are being
developed behind the scenes?
I regret having to take such
drastic measures, but we have no
choice but to leave those two
guards unconscious so that we can
move on unimpeded.
!******************************!
In escaping from Bostro and his
thugs, we were aided by the girl
who looks just like Claire. Her
name is Celeste and she is Claire's
younger sister.
It appears she had unanswered
questions regarding Claire's death
but was unable to uncover the
truth. I had a great deal I wished
to ask her, but we were separated
again before I had a chance to do
so.
!******************************!
The {''}old father's embrace{''} that
Celeste was talking about is in
fact the Thames Arms restaurant.
The truth of our situation is
becoming ever clearer to me.
Celeste mentioned a big secret and
I believe I know what she meant...
Everything will become clear at
the Thames Arms. Let's hurry.
!******************************!
I have been thinking about the
accident that happened all those
years ago. The facts may have
been covered up, but I will never
forget. I'll never forget losing
Claire, and I'll never forget the
face of the boy crying for his
parents. I fear the mistakes of
that time are being repeated.
I must stop that from happening,
whatever it takes.
!******************************!
We have reached the meeting point
and enjoyed a stroke of luck in
bumping into Inspector Chelmey
and Future Luke. It would appear
that all the people connected to
this case are gathered in the
restaurant. Now is the time to
reveal the details of this terrible
mystery. I must put an end to the
destructive wills at work here.
!******************************!
I don't think I've ever seen
planning on such a grand scale
before. A working time machine...
That was Dimitri's ambition. It was
the reason he built this London
and continued his research for so
many years, leaving the kidnapped
scientists and inhabitants of this
town in the dark as to its true
nature and location.
!******************************!
Dimitri, whom we found posing as
the bartender in the restaurant,
told us about the accident at the
Institute of Polydimensional
Research. Being betrayed by
Bill, his friend, must have been
terrible, not to mention losing
Claire.
Someone else has been pulling the
strings, however, using Dimitri's
desire for revenge for their own
gain...
!******************************!
I don't know why the grown-up
Luke...Clive, that is, invited
me here, but my reading of the
situation appears to have been
correct. Ever since he learned
the truth about the accident, he
has been waiting to put this plan
into action.
He has now escaped from the
restaurant and taken Flora with
him. We must hurry and catch up
with them.
!******************************!
We followed Clive to see where he
had taken Flora, only to be
greeted by the sight of an
enormous mobile fortress rising
from the bottom of the river. I
wonder if the kidnapped scientists
realised they were creating such
a thing?
I dread to think what might happen
to London if we don't stop that
fortress soon...
!******************************!
The mobile fortress threatens to
destroy everything around it. It is
imperative that we get Flora out
of there and put an end to Clive's
rampage as soon as possible, but
ordinary methods simply won't
work here.
I should be able to get into the
fortress using the Laytonmobile,
which Paul has kindly provided for
me and left on the hill. I just hope
this goes to plan...
!******************************!
It is little wonder that the
fortress is such a technological
marvel considering it has been
built by some of London's leading
scientists. Using this transport
pod, it is possible to move between
different parts of the fortress.
Flora seems to be in the
ventilation room, so that's where
we need to head first. We must
hurry!
!******************************!
We found Flora in a pitiful state,
trapped inside a glass cage in the
ventilation room. We managed to
rescue her, but there is still much
to be done.
It seems that neither Luke nor
Flora have any intention of
returning to the ground, despite
the danger in staying up here.
I've no time to reason with them
now. We've got to stop Clive!
!******************************!
Having established that Clive is in
the surveillance room, we headed
over there in the transport pod.
The fact that the guard allowed us
through unchallenged is no doubt a
sign of Clive's overconfidence.
The surveillance room is just up
these stairs. We must get to Clive
as soon as possible.
!******************************!
Having confronted Clive, it has
become apparent that the powers
of reasoning he displayed while
disguised as Future Luke have long
deserted him. It is a bitter irony
that he who was once a victim has
become a criminal in the name of
revenge. It is pointless to try to
talk him out of this now that the
fortress has surfaced.
!******************************!
The fortress continues to wreak
destruction upon London. The city
will be nothing but ruins if this
goes on. As Celeste pointed out,
if we could just cut the power to
the fortress...
If we take the coordinates from
the surveillance room, we should
be able to find the generator.

!******************************!
We arrived in the generator room
to find Bill Hawks in a terrible
state, his heart rate being
monitored by a device connected
to the detonator for an enormous
bomb.
We successfully wired up a broken
watch to replace the prime
minister's heartbeat, but it will
only work for 10 minutes, after
which the fortress will explode.
We must prepare for the worst...
!******************************!
With Celeste's help, we managed to
save the prime minister, but the
exploding fortress is going to
destroy London unless we do
something to stop it.
The only way to save the city is
to reverse the fortress's power.
Celeste appears to be well versed
in physics, so with her help I
should be able to do it.
!******************************!
The fortress started to destroy
itself as it returned the way it
had come. Fortunately, Paul had
installed a flying device on the
Laytonmobile, so we just about
managed to escape.
The fortress disappeared
underground and London was
saved, albeit heavily damaged.
That was a very long 10 minutes...
!******************************!
I finally understand why Clive
asked me to come here. He is the
boy I saved from that explosion
10 years ago.
He may have committed a terrible
crime, but I do believe he is a kind
person at heart. If nothing else,
he behaved like a gentleman during
my investigation, and I, for one,
believe his promises to atone for
his sins.
!******************************!
The truths that Celeste and
Dimitri shared with me were hard
to accept. Celeste is not just
someone who looks like Claire.
She's... That is, she really is...
There is no time. There is no
other way. Claire is going back to
that day, leaving only a little of
her warmth behind...
!******************************!
