n055
!******************************!
n055a
!******************************!
n055b
!******************************!
One day, King Arthur invited a number of
honoured guests to dine at the Round
Table. At his request, everyone sat at
evenly spaced intervals around the table.

After sitting down, two ladies in
attendance, Guinevere and Nimue, were
amused to find that neither of them had
a woman sitting directly adjacent or
opposite.

What's the minimum number of people that
were sitting at the Round Table?
!******************************!
A noble answer!

Five people is the correct answer.

The image above shows how they would be
seated at the Round Table.

The tricky part is realising that the
guests weren't sitting directly opposite
each other.

If you're interested in the characters
mentioned in this puzzle, be sure to
read up on the legend of King Arthur!
!******************************!
Too bad!

Did you try using the Memo Function to
draw a diagram of the table and the
people round it?

If you did, perhaps you overlooked
something important.
!******************************!
This puzzle isn't too difficult if you use
the Memo Function to draw a picture of
the table and people sitting round it.
!******************************!
You were told that neither Guinevere
nor Nimue had a woman sitting directly
adjacent or opposite to them. It's easy
to be tricked by this information...
!******************************!
First, picture a man sitting opposite
a woman. There are at least two women,
so imagine another man and woman sitting
opposite each other. That's four people.
Now place another man between the two
women and someone opposite him. Make
sure the six are evenly spaced and this
arrangement fulfils the conditions!
Draw this image using the Memo Function
and see for yourself. But wait! Is this
really the minimum number that works? Is
there a way to do it with fewer?
!******************************!
There's no reason why any of the people
need to have someone sitting directly
opposite them.

The answer is an odd number.
!******************************!
